
Task 1.

1. What is the cpu utilization when executing the test1 program? Which type of program is test 1?
    100%, this means it is cpu bound, very good use of hardware

2. Execute the test programtest2. How much memory does the program use? How many blocks are written out by the program? How does it correspond to your answer in Home Assignment 3?
  1 gig of ram download more pls
  6 blocks

3. What is the cpu utilization when executing the test2 program? Which type of program can we consider test2 to be?
  roughly 40%, this means it is I/O-bound (aka succy program)


Task 2.

1. What is the difference between them in terms of how they execute the test programs?
  run1 runs the programs in sequence, whilst run2 runs three instances of test1.c in sequence in the background and also runs two instances of test2.c at the same time.

2. Execute the script run1 and measure the execution time. Study the cpu utilization using top during the execution. How long time did it take to execute the script and how did the cpu utilization vary

  Execution time of run1 was roughly 47 seconds. The cpu utilization started at 0% and then went up to 100% as test1.c started execution. When test1.c finished execution the cpu utilization went down to 0%.
  Whenever test1.c started this same pattern happened. After 3 instances of test1.c had been executed, 2 instances of test2.c ran back-to-back and the cpu utilization reached about 40% before going back down to 0%.

3. Execute the script run2 and measure the execution time. Study the cpu utilization using top during the execution.How long time did it take to execute the script and how did the cpu utilization vary

  The execution time of run2 was roughly 27 seconds. In the ´top´ program we could see two programs called test1 and test2. Test1 was using 100% cpu and test2 was using about 40% of cpu power.
  This indicates that all instances of test1 ran parallel to all of the instances of test2. The total amount of cpu power reached 125%. Very powerful cpu yes. Using more cpu than there is cpu.

4. Which of two cases executed faster?

  run2 ran faster because 27 is less than 47, also 125% is more than 65%

5. In both cases, the same mount of work was done. I which case was the system best utilized and why?

  This is correct but in run2 there were more parallel computing being done which means better use. In run2 the I/O-bound test2 processing was handed off to another process on the computer which let the cpu bound task test1 use as much cpu as they wanted. 
